You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
[7] He also played in a one-day match on the tour,[4] in addition to making his Twenty20.
[8] He played in four more one-day matches in 2010, against Kenya.
Sicydium brevifile is a species of goby from the subfamily Sicydiinae.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It also has a scattered distribution in the Giant Mountains.
This was the struggle between his own ex officio grandsons.
Vyasa had a son named Shuka, who was his spiritual successor and heir.
Besides his heir, Vyasa had four other disciples—Paila, Jaimini, Vaishampayana and Sumantu.
Vyasa is also mentioned in the Sankara Digvijaya.
Edwin Nesbit Chapman (February 26, 1819 – March 2, 1888) was an American physician.
xiv, 504), and also made voluminous contributions to medical periodicals.
His son was Katakura Kagemitsu.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Hải Châu is administratively divided into 13 ward (phường):
As of 2003 the district had a population of 197,118.
They had to observe stars at night, sun at day, and compass in cloudy days.
Anchorman (bandingshou) controls dropping and weighing anchors.
Originally, she was a Song woman with a surname of Lin born in a county of Fujian, the Min area.
[6] Mazu had a temple in the region of Chiwan, where Shenzhen is today.
New York: Oxford University Press.
Science and Civilisation in China,Vol.
magazine and the webcomic Chasing Rainbows for Girlamatic.
magazine and the Chasing Rainbows and Night Silver webcomics.
Dramacon was nominated for an Eisner Award in 2007.
However, Hinduism has both a mom and a dad.
Devi is a whole entity, comprising every god and living within every deity.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The doomsday conclusion was derived from the following "Dońda's Law":
Simply, how much information weighs.
Russian Wikiquote has quotations related to: Профессор А. Донда
It is a co-production among companies from Mexico, Spain, Colombia, Brazil, and France.
Antonio continues his own platonic relationship with Rosario as her confidante.
This parade was immediately followed by a civilian parade.
MCM-41 (Mobil Composition of Matter No.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Gomis was called up to Italy under-20 in 2013 by Luigi Di Biagio, but did not make any appearances.
Yahagi had two sister ships, Chikuma and Hirado.
Firstly he concentrated on Mathematics and but then changed his major to Physics.
Halicki was born in Kingston, Pennsylvania, in 1905.
Holcomb is a city in Finney County, Kansas, United States.
As of 2023 the mayor of Spring Valley Village is Marcus Vajdos.
This bill was passed in 1899 and was considered a major accomplishment for MLA.
The American Library Association’s influence guided much of MLA’s plans and decisions.
This article about a mathematician is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Logging and damming have reduced its habitat.
Peltsix's songs were composed by Pale Saarinen, Kari Makkonen and Jukka Haikonen.
[1] It is at Manakala[2] (in Pathanamthitta) about 4 km (2.5 mi) from Adoor.
The show was originally hosted by Brendan O'Connor in 2008 and then by Anton Savage from 2010.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
The library was built in 1903-04, and was funded in part by a $20,000 grant from Andrew Carnegie.
Lakshmibai Ammal, a disciple of Sri Pallavi Ramaswamy Raju.
Association with Radio and TV Networks
402/531: Eastern Nebraska, including Omaha and Lincoln, overlaid in 2011[1]
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
It was won by Republican candidate Scott Brown.
[137][138] Brown won in 229 of those 351 municipalities, while Coakley won in 121.
Medak Town is around 21 km from Nagareddipet.
He was famous for composing the traditional Hungarian Hasidic tune "Szól a kakas már".
His exact place of birth is uncertain, most probably he was born either in Nagykálló or Szerencs.
He composed many popular Hasidic Nigunim (melodies).
He was famous for composing the traditional Hungarian Hasidic tune Szól a kakas már.
Szól a kakas már, majd megvirrad már.
„Jibone háMikdos, ir Cijajn tömálé,” akkor lesz az már.
Exile, O exile, how vast are you!
Shechinah, Shechinah, how distant you are!
Magyar Zsidó Lexikon [hu] (in Hungarian).
This equilibrium is indeed optimal.
They play their home games at the Jaime Morón León stadium.
Jess-Cooke now publishes her fiction as CJ Cooke.
The club based in Nikaho, Akita, was founded in 1965.
They played in the Japan Soccer League Division 2 in 1985 and 1986.
The official team mascot is a 8-year-old Ryūjin, named Blaugon and wears #00.
Braja Kishore Prasad Sinha (1909-1996) was an Indian politician.
Convicted is a 1938 American/Canadian action film directed by Leon Barsha.
Sample code to write to an Excel file might look like as follows:
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
From 1867 to 1868, he was Tax Commissioner of Milwaukee.
Parincea is a commune in Bacău County, Western Moldavia, Romania.
The original EOS-1 was launched in 1989.
The fictional Kamiyama High School is based upon the real life Hida High School.
Marilyn swam with Phoenix's well-known Dick Smith Swim School during her early swimming career.
It was shot in the United States in summer 2002 in Hawaii and on Hawaii Kai in Honolulu in O'ahu.
[1][2] The award was introduced in 1976.
T. C. Vijayan is an Indian politician and was a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA).
61, which was chosen in honor of Richie Evans.
The median income was $29,000, compared with $31,800 nationally.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Dandu Mailaram is a village in Rangareddy district in Telangana, India.
Nagarjuna Sagar state Highway as well as Hyderabad-Vijayawada National Highway.
Ramoji Film City is just 10 km away from the village.
[1][2] In the 1600s Hadiya regained its independence and was led by a Garad.
[6] Before the pagan Kingdom of Damot's invasion led by Sidama.
In addition he paid for a school and school house at Raby, a village nearby.
[2][5] The original pipe organ was made by Gray and Davison.
[4] This was replaced in 1912 by a two-manual organ by Norman and Beard.
The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja.
[2] He scored 20 goals and improved to 38 points in 58 games in 2009–10.
This was due to confusion surrounding whether doing so would compromise FCC regulations.
Dickey Broadcasting already owned WWWM-FM (now WQQO) and WWWM 1470 (now defunct).
[1] It is known from the Dominican Republic.
American Classic Race wins:Preakness Stakes (1990)
The snake is found in Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran in the Zagros Mountains.
Wiktor Łomidze assumed command.
The Canadian Pacific Railway Company, or CPR Co., is a federally incorporated railway company.
when visual information can be phonologically encoded).
This Ostrów Mazowiecka County location article is a stub.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
His companion is Diana Lombard, who is also his long-time fiancée, later his wife.
The Bububu Railway plied six or seven times a day to Zanzibar Town.
This Szczecinek County location article is a stub.
The city signed a protocol of cooperation with Blois in July 2011[10]
The first covered swimming pool in Lewis County opened in Glenoma in 1961.
[1] This species is a tropical snail found on limestone cliffs.
[6][7] Angustopila dominikae grows to, at most 0.86 mm.
The economy of Monaco is reliant on tourism and banking.
4.0 is a compilation album by Spanish recording singer-songwriter Mónica Naranjo.
It is found that phase two activities are lower than phase two in the skin.
Novelli died in Poggibonsi on 10 January 2018, aged 87.
Media related to The Salt Lake Tribune at Wikimedia Commons
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
Carlo Magini was present in Rome in 1742 and in 1743.
He remained active in his hometown where he died in 1806.
Narrillos del Rebollar is a municipality located in the province of Ávila, Castile and León, Spain.
Wieczorek is a supporter of Ruch Chorzów, a Lechia Gdańsk rival team.
Promotional newcomer Przemysław Mysiala was expected to face Jimi Manuwa at the event.
Pangodi Lake is a lake in Kambja Parish, Tartu County, Estonia.
From 2000 onwards, India also encouraged new private stations.
A purely commercial network, Three is owned by Warner Bros.
and is often used in history textbooks today.
During the 1930s, De Rosen taught at the Lwów Politechnic University (Lviv Polytechnic).
[2] The lake is an artificial lake .
This was within what was known as the Cherokees' Cooweescoowee District.
The coming of railways to Indian Territory was the driving factor in early growth.
Renovation work on the downtown was completed in 2007.
Media related to Iwashiro-Shimizu Station at Wikimedia Commons
[10] Some species have also been observed oxygenating their eggs by moving them around occasionally.
[21] These fish prey specifically on mouthbrooding cichlids.
He was born in Liszó, Somogy (today Zala county).
He worked as a teacher in Nemescsó.
His ordination as a curate was on March 24, 1787, in Puconci and by 1792 he was working in Hodoš.
You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.
[3] The vineyard was in possession of Zrinski noble family.
[6] Robadje had a population of 159 in 2011 census.
[7] Robadje is experiencing population decline since the 1980s.
[9] There he studied medicine, specialising in Tropical medicine.
They have now been replaced with copies.
This marine species occurs in the Indo-Pacific and off New Caledonia.
[1] Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen paid an official visit to Dhaka in 2014.
[2] In 2017, Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina signed 9 deals in Phnom Penh.
He was appointed by the Pyidaungsu Hluttaw on 30 March 2011.
Hispanics/Latinos can be of any race.
This article on a moth of tribe Oidaematophorini is a stub.
Taiwanofungus was circumscribed by Taiwanese mycologists in 2004.
Aaron C. Burr died in New York City on July 27, 1882.
Hansen was originally from Old Trinity Grammarians and won the Woodrow Medal in 1976.
